Add that Pages are not supported to sentry integrations docs (#15068)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/observability/sentry-integration.md

{{</Aside>}}

{{<Aside type="warning">}}

> This integration is not supported for Pages projects. This is because it installs a tail worker which Pages does not support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This integration is not supported for Pages projects. Pages does not support [Tail Workers](/workers/observability/logging/tail-workers/), and the Sentry integration relies on adding a Tail Worker to your Worker.
```
